imagine having a personal assistant that
works 24/7 never gets tired and
automates the most tedious task in your
business that's the power of AI agents
and as an owner of a ninef figure
business and an industry thought leader
over the last few months I've seen
firsthand how AI agents are
revolutionizing businesses and
industries of all sizes so what are
exactly our AI agents and how can you
use them to transform your work and
business let's dive in think of a AI
agent as a digital employee intelligent
systems that handle tasks without human
intervention AI agents are a new
technology that's revolutionizing the
world of business a great example of
this is salesforce's agent force it's
already being used in finance and
Manufacturing to optimize workflows and
improve efficiency and AI agents don't
just automate they communicate analyze
data and make decisions Bridging the Gap
between humans and machines a real life
example of this for my own company NP
digital is we use AI agents for mergers
and Acquisitions so we try to buy
roughly one company a quarter so four a
year it's a lot of tedious Outreach to
other ad agencies and other marketing
software companies to figure out which
ones are relevant for us that we should
focus on and try to buy which ones are
even interested cuz just because you
reach out doesn't mean that someone
actually wants to talk to you with AI
agents what we do is we have them scour
the web scrape all the companies within
a specific region or within a certain
subset of marketing that we're
interested in it looks for the employee
size because the employee size roughly
tells us how big a company is it looks
for how much funding that company has
raised and even it researches the
revenue of that organization it then
sends out targeted customized emails to
each of those players and it's getting
the email addresses through Salesforce
because they actually have tools that
give you people's email addresses and
there's tons and tons of other options
out there that can also provide this
when it then reaches out and sends that
customized email we'll get responses
from some people those responses then go
to our team to set up calls learn more
about the business and the AI agent has
already given us tons of notes on that
business before we even get on the call
this helps us speed up our m&a process
by roughly 3x not only does it speed
things up but it saves us a lot of money
and we no longer have to have a team
that's going out there to research and
find deal for us another thing that we
use AI agents for is responding to
support we put in all our previous
support tickets when people were happy
when they weren't which ones were
resolved really fast and which ones
weren't AI learns from that and then
when people ask us basic questions that
are easy to solve the AI just solves it
for us that way humans don't have to go
in there and try to help people out when
it could just be solved on the spot with
the AI agent and with their impressive
capabilities AI agents agents have gone
from an emerging technology to
competitive advantage in a matter of
just months AI agents are the new Way
businesses are getting ahead of the
competition there's been an increasing
adoption of AI agents in customer
service great example of this is
intercom for support or glean for
Knowledge Management the reason this is
is because AA agents help businesses
make smarter decisions and faster ones
the faster ones improve the experience
of customers it makes them happier it
causes them to come back and do repeat
purchases or even recommend a product or
service from that business to a friend
it also causes data Gathering and
processing of that data faster than
humans ever could and use that data to
then make future decisions on how
marketing or company should be run in
essence AI agents are saving businesses
thousands of hours a year by automating
workflows and centralizing knowledge but
now how do you use AI agents to
superpower your business first off AI
can supercharge your SEO strategy by
fixing your search ranking on Google you
probably didn't know this but AI agents
can fix your website's SEO using tools
like uber suggests it can analyze what
your website needs to fix and improve to
boost your rankings it analyzes your
competition in real time it analyzes
your content it tells you what you need
to fix from a keyword standpoint to
start getting the right kind of traffic
that converts into revenue and it tells
you what on your page needs to be fixed
in order to to actually rank higher on
page one in addition that at NP digital
we have our own AI tool called scout
scout not only looks at the technical
errors but it can go into the code
through JavaScript and help fix a lot of
the basic errors on a page or if you're
getting stuck with writing content
because you need content to rank on
Google Uber cus has a AI writer that can
help you come up with ideas headlines
and even the text that you need to use
to rank higher on Google you combine
that with some human elements you can
have a great piece of content that
includes experience expertise Authority
and Trust including those four elements
in your content will help it rank higher
over time moving to another sector of
your business that AA agents can fix
every year billions of dollars are
wasted on digital ads AA agents can stop
that most people don't know this but AI
can identify the underperforming
campaigns and reallocate the budgets to
other campaigns that are profitable and
scale them up Google and Facebook have
tools that can help with this but you
combining it with the AI agent you can
start getting done more in real time
even when you're sleeping what I
recommend with the AI agents is to not
actually adjust your campaigns at first
instead I recommend having them analyze
your data and tell you which campaigns
are performing well which ones aren't
but also why are the ones that aren't
performing well not doing well sometimes
it's actually just because the campaigns
are new and fresh and it takes time for
these ad platforms to learn this is why
you don't want AI agent to just go out
there and turn off a non-performing
campaign because if you launch a new ad
campaign today the chances are it's not
going to perform tomorrow or even 3 4
days or a week from now it can take
weeks if not months for a campaign to
really start producing positive results
on top of all this AA agents can also
supercharge your social media strategies
through tools like answer the public you
can see what's popping on Tik Tok
Instagram YouTube Facebook and other
social networks it uses technology from
scraping the web analy in all the
content that people are creating and our
own AI recommendation agent gives you
ideas on the content you should be
creating that is trending right now that
people are craving and there's not
enough content around that subject at
this moment and a lot of companies that
provide AI agents connect with all these
tools so it can automatically be done
for you so you don't even have to go in
and manually do the homework yourself
but the applications of AI agents to
supercharge your business don't stop
here because it's surprising L easy to
create custom AI agents to supercharge
your business if you haven't checked it
out check out vertex AI agent Builder it
simplifies the AI agent creation process
it gives you step-by-step instructions
on what you need to do to launch your
own AI agent for your business and
depending on the task you're trying to
complete it'll walk you through it all
step by step so you can have your own
custom AI agent all in all it's clear to
me that AI agents aren't a trend they're
the future of work so so now that you're
expert on using and creating AI agents
to supercharge your business the
question is are you ready AI agents are
going to change the world of business
forever if you're not using them you're
not going to grow as fast as your
competition and if you're stra for money
and resources this is the perfect
solution because it's so much cheaper
than hiring a human now it doesn't
necessarily fully replace humans for
every single task in your organization
and it's a start that'll help you grow
faster and more efficiently and even if
you have a lot of human capital within
your organization you can make each of
those humans more efficient when you
give them an AI agent paired with them
the key though is to embrace this early
on that's how you're going to get a
bigger advantage over your competition
everyone's talking about this stuff but
very few people are actually using AI
agents experiment with and use AI agents
today to stay ahead and if you want to
learn more strategies to level up your
business watch this next video where I
break down my 23 years of marketing
experience into a 23 minute guide